# Transformation Spells

Transformations are a subset of spells you have access to in Black Myth: Wukong. These spells allow you to turn into enemies and bosses you have faced for an extended period of time. In their form, you can perform several moves, including light attacks, heavy attacks using Focus, and occasionally a special attack like a self-destruct. 

Unlike other spells, these aren’t found on the main story path and need to be searched for throughout the game’s different chapters. 

## Black Myth: Wukong Transformation Spell Locations

In addition to our Walkthrough, below, you can find a list of each of the Transformations in the game, how you can unlock them, as well as a link to a more detailed breakdown of each one via the links. That breakdown includes their movesets and step-by-step guides on where to go to unlock them. 

Transformation | Effect | Unlock Requirement | Collected   
---|---|---|---  
Red Tides | Transform into a wolf guai and inflict Scorch Bane on the enemy with each attack | Defeat Guangzhi in Forest of Wolves - Outside the Forest in the arena at the far end of the area, across the bridge in Black Wind Mountain | **Red Tides** 
Azure Dust | Transform into a rock guai, immune to all Four BanesIt builds up Might when hit | Found in Fright Cliff - Squall Hideout, after defeating both the Mother of Stones boss and the Man-In-Stone boss in Yellow Wind Ridge | **Azure Dust** 
Ebon Flow | Transform into the Yin Tiger to ward off incoming blows by holding the sword horizontally, or dash forward like a gale to close in on foes Focus built up before transformation can be converted for use afterward. | After saving the Shen Monkey Vendor in Black Wind Mountain and Xu Dog in Yellow Wind Ridge, head to The New West. Once you get off turtle island go to your left to find Chen Loong. In Yellow Wind Ridge, talk to Xu Dog and then return to Chen Loong to fight him. This will give you access to Yin Tiger who you can fight to get the spell. | **Ebon Flow** 
Ashen Slumber | Transform into a rat guai, slashing at the enemy while blowing fierce flames at them, inflicting Scorch BaneFocus built up before transformation can be converted for use afterwards | Found on a body in the first purple sealed cell in the Pagoda Realm - Lower Pagoda in The New West. It requires you to interact with a hut in Sandgate Village and then defeat Captain Lotus-Vision (secret boss) located in the area behind and beneath the Pagoda Realm - Upper Pagoda shrine | **Ashen Slumber** 
Hoarfrost | Transforms into Monk from the Sea, weaving strikes with a blizzard's grace and launching attacks that inflict Frost BaneFocus built up before transformation can be converted for use afterwards | In The New West, head to the Thunderclap Temple and head towards the temple and up the ramp Eventually you will find Monk From The Sea you need to defeat on the overlook to get the spell | **Hoarfrost** 
Umbral Abyss | Transform into the Macaque Chief, immune to Frost, wielding a longsword that unleashes Frost BaneFocus built up before transformation can be converted for use afterwards | In The New West, you will come across the Macaque Chief several times. Upon defeating them for the third time during the Yellowbrow fight you will get the Transformation | **Umbral Abyss** 
Violet Hail (Transformation) | Transform into a worm guai, immune to Poison, inflicting Poison Bane on the enemy with each attack | In The Webbed Hollow, defeat Daoist Mi, in the Purple Cloud Mountain secret area after defeating the Venom Daoist two times to unlock the area | **Violet Hail (Transformation)** 
Golden Lining | Transform into Yellow Loong, gaining immunity to Shock and ability to see through the enemy. Each attack inflicts Thunder BaneFocus built up before transformation can be converted for use afterwards | In Relief of the Fallen Loong Shrine in The Webbed Hollow, you need to defeat Yellow Loong. First, you will need to defeat Red Loong, Black Loong, and Cyan Loong with the Loong Scales from the First Prince of Flowing Sands | **Golden Lining** 
Dark Thunder | Transform into a horse guai, immune to Thunder Damage, inflicting Thunder Bane on the enemyFocus built up before transformation can be converted for use afterward. | Requires you to find the Horse Guai NPC in all five chapters of the game and beat the penultimate boss in Flaming Mountains Return to the Horse Guai's location in Flaming Mountains after the fight to get the Transformation | **Dark Thunder** 
Azure Dome | Transform into a stone monkey, gaining immunity to Shock and PoisonAbsorb and convert Frost and Scorch to empower yourselfRetain access to the Destined One's Spells, and convert any pre-transformation Focus for use afterward | Requires you to obtain the secret ending by visiting every secret zone in the game | **Azure Dome** 
